README.md, before:

# JavaScript-Password-Generator
A password generator with user-defined length and character-type parameters

## What I did: 

1. Created repo and readme
2. Created arrays for each password criteria
3. Created function to capture password length via window prompts
4. Created functions to let user tell me Y/N if they want each PW criteria, and for each criteria selected changes the corresponding value in the object promptValues to "True"
5. Created methods for the promptValues object that check for T/F for each criteria and for every true found add the corresponding array to a superarray.
6. Added a random number generator
7. Created a function that uses random numbers to pick out positions in the superarray and write the corresponding characters to the variable 'password'



## To Do: 

1. Figure out how to make sure at least one of each selected criteria makes it into the password.

## Criteria:

### Style:

1. clean and polished
2. responsive

### Functionality:

1. Push button to open prompt
2. Prompt asks for pw criteria
3. length: 8-128 characters
4. character type: lower, upper, numeric, special
5. validate input, always make sure one is selected
6. generate password
7. display password in alert or write it to the page

## Link to live site:


## Link to GitHub repository


## Screenshot of live site


## Requirements

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

#### Deployment: 32%
1. Application deployed at live URL.

2. Application loads with no errors.

3. Application GitHub URL submitted.

4. GitHub repository that contains application code.

#### Application Quality: 15%
1. Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.

1. Application user interface style is clean and polished.

2. Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions.

#### Repository Quality: 13%

1. Repository has a unique name.

2. Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions. 

3. Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

4. Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

5. Repository contains quality readme file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

Commit message:

Added error state, cleaned up code a little, updated READme.

README.md, after:

# JavaScript-Password-Generator
A password generator with user-defined length and character-type parameters




## What I did: 

1. Created repo and readme
2. Created arrays for each password criteria
3. Created function to capture password length via window prompts
4. Created functions to let user tell me Y/N if they want each PW criteria, and for each criteria selected changes the corresponding value in the object promptValues to "True"
5. Created methods for the promptValues object that check for T/F for each criteria and for every true found add the corresponding array to a superarray.
6. Added a random number generator
7. Created a function that uses random numbers to pick out positions in the superarray and write the corresponding characters to the variable 'password'
8. Added error state for when user doesn't choose any password parameters.
9. I couldn't figure out how to make a random password that still included one of each character type selected, but I left my attempts in at the end of my code and just commented them out. 



## Link to live site:





## Link to GitHub repository




## Screenshot of live site




## Requirements

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

#### Deployment: 32%
1. Application deployed at live URL.

2. Application loads with no errors.

3. Application GitHub URL submitted.

4. GitHub repository that contains application code.

#### Application Quality: 15%
1. Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.

1. Application user interface style is clean and polished.

2. Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions.

#### Repository Quality: 13%

1. Repository has a unique name.

2. Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions. 

3. Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

4. Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

5. Repository contains quality readme file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.
